Hello, my name is Dr Alexander Gardner-McTaggart
and I am the academic theme lead for flexible learning at this university.
This work engages me between the three faculties and
our transnational programmes and continuing professional development
aimed at online learners studying with The University of Manchester,
whether these be professionals, carers, or those who live in different parts of the world.
With the demands of modern day life, The University of Manchester
has created an outstanding suite of online Masters programmes
tailored to fit around your needs,
your professional commitments and family life.
Manchester has incredible potential
to serve the professional leaders of today (and tomorrow),
but also disadvantaged groups and demographics
through its growing flexible palette of courses and programmes,
and I am excited to be able to support this with my experience
and knowledge of a lifetime in international education.
I am so proud to be able to welcome you to our amazing university
and I am certain you will have an outstanding learning experience with us.
So, welcome to The University of Manchester
and all the success your studies will bring.
If you have any questions, support needs or queries please
do not hesitate to contact us via your Student Study Advisor.